Docs: Add section about deleting downloadable content (#8162)
readthedocs/readthedocs.org: docs/downloadable-documentation.rst

The other value is having the entire docset in a single file.
You can send a user an email with a single PDF or ePub and they'll have all the docs in one place.

Deleting downloadable content
-----------------------------

The entries in the Downloads section of your project dashboard reflect the

> formats specified in your config file for each active branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
formats specified in your config file for each active version.
```

> This means that if you wish to remove downloadable content for a given branch,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This means that if you wish to remove downloadable content for a given version,
```

> you can do so by removing the matching :ref:`config-file/v2:formats` key in
> that branch's config file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can do so by removing the matching :ref:`config-file/v2:formats` key from your config file.
```
